Add zeppelin to authors & workshop (#1933)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/workshops/hands-on-ember.md

      properties and mixins. In this stage, we cover those concepts in-depth as
      well as explore approaches for migrating to native classes.
leads:
  - name: Gabor Babicz
    title:
      Senior Frontend Engineer
    handle: zeppelin
    image: /assets/images/authors/zeppelin.jpg
    bio: >

>       Gabor is a very early Ember user since its pre-1.0 years, successfully completing several projects and helping teams with their applications, teaching them best practices relevant to either the latest or classic versions of Ember.

Reviewer: I'd simplify this slightly:

```suggestion
      Gabor was a very early adopter of Ember in the´ pre-1.0 years of the framework and has since successfully completed numerous projects with it. He helps teams build applications and teaches best practices along the way.
```
